# James Koh - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview
- RollaDie is a Dungeon & Dragons (DnD) text-based RPG,
  optimized to play using Command Line Interface (CLI) and
  has a simple text-ui display that reminisces games of the 1960s.
- This program is meant for CS2113 students as a stress reliever
  and it aims to provide a fun and replayable experience!

### Summary of Contributions
## Code contributed
Code contributed: [Code contributed](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=James17042002&breakdown=true)

## Enhancements implemented


1. Empty Slot (equipment)
  - Implemented an Empty Slot equipment to handle cases when player do not have a equipment type equipped
  - Useful for the Sell Mechanic

2. Player (equipmentList)
  - Implemented equipmentList for the player to equip equipments.
  - Implemented the relevant methods to get attack, get defense from the equipments.
  - Implemented the relevant methods for the shop to call for the buy and sell mechanics.
3. Shop Event
  - Did the UI for Shop (Shop UI)
  - Implemented how Shops will be queued in the events queue.
  - Implemented how Shops will offer stronger and stronger equipment by leveraging the respective equipment databases
  - Implemented the Buy and Sell commands for shop
  - Shop is crucial to the playability and strategy of the game, as it allows the player more flexible decison making as to how they decide to spend their gold.
  - Helped to modify Junit Testing for Shop Event.

4. Balancing Equipment Stats
  - As Rolladie is a game, managing the stats of the player and enemies as the waves progress is important.
  - Balanced the player and enemy such that the player is able to die if he is not careful while ensuring
    that the game is not too difficult.

## Contributions to UG
- Wrote about the Buy and Sell features in the UG.

## Contributions to DG
- Authored overview section, implementation details section and diagram section for Buying and Selling.
- Created UML diagrams as listed below:
  - Sequence Diagram (buy, sell)

## Contributions to team-based tasks
* Maintain issue tracker
* Set up group meetings
* Set up milestones and linked it to relevant issues
* Reviewed PRs submitted by team members and contributed to discussions